Login Page

   1. Forgot password – develop this feature – tested and okay 2026-July-01 Hemal


My/User Profile

   1. Set a setting under user profile allowed to set default ‘Rows Per Page’ size and
      this value be applied to all the pages in application when loading data in table
      format. Default value 10 – tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith

   2. Table Font Size -> when this value is set make sure to set +1 or +2 size for table
      header title. Also set the same front size for search area text – tested and okay
      2026-July-03 Dilmith



Role – tested and okay all the points below on 2026-Jul-11 Dilmith and Hemal

   1. Make sure to have default these roles – even when a new application is setup for
      new client, these roles should be exists.
      Admin, Compliance Officer, Branch Manager, Sender Staff, Receiver Staff
   2. Check all and uncheck all option is needed for this page. But remove the Delete
      option. Put a Validate Roles this will should update the what ever new
      permissions added to existing roles. By default admin role permissions should
      be activated.
   3. Instead of view, put ‘Edit’ button and make sure edit and delete buttons are
      disable for system defined roles
   4. When adding a new role, do not show the system defined toggle button. By
      default system defined is false.
   5. I can see ‘Description’ field in add mode, which is okay to have. place this
      description field in table
   6. I’ve added TEST1 role, but there is no permission set are created.
   7. In Add Role mode, add a new dropdown to show existing roles. The field name
      should be like ‘Duplicate/Copy from existing role’. This value should not be
      stored in the database. When a role is selected, copy its active permissions to
      the newly created role after it is created.
   8. Maks sure to have Normal case ‘SEARCH’ AND ‘SYSTEM DEFINED’ text should be
      corrected
      Also make sure to follow the same design patten in all other pages for text
      formatting.




                                                                               Page 1 of 11
Role Permissions – tested and okay all the points below on 2026-Jul-11 Dilmith and
Hemal
   1. No need to have add permission button
   2. Role – point 4 is valid here and correct the text for one formatting
   3. ‘Role’ field in search dropdown box is uncommon, please correct it
   4. Page section, should rename as ‘Page’
   5. Page key value shouldn’t be visible in this Role Permission page and you need to
      have page title (new field) dropdown in the search. You can keep this field name
      as ‘Page’
   6. ‘Operation’ field in search make it as text box, remove the dropdown box
   7. System defined permissions cannot be inactive or change the active value.
      Based on Role system defined value, show permission record is system defined
      or not. No need to have separate system defined in database table for
      permission records
   8. No need to show value Yes under tick . also system defined follow the same tick
      option. Do no have mixed of showing one with words and other with checkbox -
      tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




   9. Put these four operations ‘VIEW_CREATED_BY’, ‘VIEW_CREATED_AT’,
       ‘VIEW_UPDATED_BY’ and ‘VIEW_UPDATED_AT’ to all the pages have table and
       make sure when these are checked then show those related columns in relevant
       page table - tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith
   10. Test and show me the Add, Edit, View and Delete basic operation level are
       working based on permission value.

                                                                            Page 2 of 11
Users
   1. Remove the Export button tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith
   2. Edit mode - How to active and inactive the 2fa for user? tested and okay 2026-
      July-07 Dilmith
   3. Edit mode - How to add the user’s signature ? tested and okay 2026-July-07
      Dilmith
   4. Edit mode - Branch field is not correct, should display all the branches
      From Status remove the suspended option or if you have done anything in the
      application with suspended option, let me know.
      Remove the reset password from here tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




   5. Personal Details group should be come first, place the signature upload option
      in this Personal Details group
      After that Account Credentials and Access Details
      Make sure to have Add and Edit mode fields in same design and structure – this
      is applicable for all other pages in entire application.
      tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




                                                                            Page 3 of 11
6. When a new user is created QR code should be generated automatically. But
   even later there should be an option to generate new QR code if needed. tested
   and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith
7. ‘Reset Password’ button not sure it is working or not tested and okay 2026-July-
   07 Dilmith
8. ‘View’ button rename to ‘Edit’ tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith
9. Don’t like these capital words for status, signature, system defined and 2fa
   status columns. Bring a common standard format in the entire application to
   show Active and Inactive words, No and Yes etc then follow the same patten in
   all the pages. tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




10. New 2FA QR is not working and View QR is not working tested and okay 2026-
    July-07 Dilmith
11. Move the System defined and signature columns before the reset password
    column. tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith
12. User shouldn’t be able to delete if the user is associated with any other records
    in the application - tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith

                                                                            Page 4 of 11
   13. Try to keep the date and time in one line and also try to format the time with AM
       or PM. This is applied for entire application.
       Change the column title Created By, Created At , Updated By and Update At this
       is applied to entire application. tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




User Logs

      1. Active session showing as Closed, when moving to another page and come
         back to User Logs page. Please check




      2. No need to show like this -> Sorted by signInTs (DESC) - tested and okay
         2026-July-07 Dilmith

      3. These Transfer Updates and Approvals columns working? If not, remove
         these columns. What is this Activity score? If is not necessary remove it -
         tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




                                                                               Page 5 of 11
      4. Explain this Risk column logic. If is not working correctly. Remove it. - tested
         and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




Countries
      1. Give more space to Add Country button, so it will show in one line tested
          and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




      2. This Edit icon option is good and keeping beginning of the table is good.
         But move the delete icon at the end of the table.
         Use this type of icons in the entire application for table pages tested and
         okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




                                                                               Page 6 of 11
Banks
        1. Other Application basic data pages noticed pop-up for edit mode and this
           page showing inline edit mode. It is better to have one standard way in entire
           application. tested and okay 2026-July-07 Dilmith




API to be exposed
       1. Latest Exchange rate should be exposed with API key or any other login
           format. This information should be documented separately.

Row version handling in Transfer page

Dashboard
     1. Default Dashboard is granted for each Role and individual cards needs to be
        checked with permission before showing the cards in dashboard.




                                                                               Page 7 of 11
Remitter Page

      1. Use one word, Remitter and do not use both remitter and sender
      2. What is Suspended status, what is Branch in source? Remove the export
         CSV button
      3. Not sure what is Company column?




      4. Need these new permission operations to remitters
         MULTI_BRANCH, RE_SCREENING, BATCH_SCREENING




      5. In Remitters page, when multi_branch is granted, then user should be able to
         see a dropdown box with ‘sender’ branch list to use for searching purpose
         Also, can see all the remitters added from different branches
      6. Why both CREATE and ADD ? I think ‘ADD’ is not necessary right?
         Are we using any of these Approve, Cancel and Export operations? If not you
         can remove these




                                                                           Page 8 of 11
7. When contact number is exists for the same branch. Then indicate contact
   number is already exists when creating a new remitter. It is okay to allow to
   save the same contact number. Or in configuration setting, we can give a
   option for the user to choose whether block with the same contact number or
   allow to save the remitter. Based on we decide.

   ‘Sender Id’ disable? Should be able to enter by the user and should be unique
   per the branch and show the last ‘Sender Id’ saved next to it.

   Selecting the branch dropdown box is only visible to user when
   ‘MULTI_BRANCH’ option is allowed. If not, by default creating new remitters
   will be assigned to user assigned branch.

   Put a new Column ‘ID Status’. If the ID expire date is expired then status will
   be ‘ID Expired’ (red) and if is valid, then ‘Valid ID’ (green). This ID Status is not
   a database filed and it is just running field to show in the overview table.




                                                                             Page 9 of 11
       8. Show the mysql table structure for remitter

Master data
      1. Branch Page – when the default transaction type is ‘Receiver’, still the
         ownership can be Own or Agent can be set
      2. Branch page - Branch Ownership Type field functionality need to be
         discussed and finalized
      3. Transaction Setting page checked but didn’t do a test run
      4. Show the mysql table structure for branch
      5.



Application Default Basic data
      1. Following Role should be exists
          Admin, Compliance Officer, Branch Manager, Sender Staff, Receiver Staff
      2. User Admin and Admin Default profile values



                                                                              Page 10 of 11
  3. Application basic data pages Countries, Banks, Relationships and
     Purposes
  4. Application Default Settings values
  5. Any Other setting values related to Mobile Controls
  6. Installation guide document and related notes and supporting files
  7. Etc, we’ll check together




If anything is not clear contact me and for now, please implement all updates
and corrections, test them well and show everything in the next call - testing is
really important before showing the work to me




                                                                          Page 11 of 11
